To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, and I am made of colors.
What has to be broken before it can be used, and is measured in seconds?
What is put on a table, cut, but never eaten, and is used for writing?
I open wide and tight I shut, Sharp am I and paper-cut fingers too, so do take care, I'm good and bad, so best beware. I have only one blade.
What gets wetter as it dyes?
What can fill a room but takes up space?
What gets bigger the more you take away from its speed?
I'm sometimes white and always wrong. I can break a heart and hurt the strong. I can build love or tear it down. I can make a smile or bring a frown, and I am unintentional.
My voice is tender, my waist is slender and I'm often invited to play. Yet wherever I go, I must take my bow or else I have nothing to say. I am the largest of my family.
To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, though I am only seen when the sun shines.
What can you catch but not throw, and it has wheels?
What do you throw out to use and take in when you're done in a park?
I open wide and tight I shut, Sharp am I and paper-cut fingers too, so do take care, I'm good and bad, so best beware. I have a long blade that comes down.
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, and they are made of calcium carbonate.
What can fill a room but takes up no space, and it is dark?
What gets bigger the more you take away from its sample size?
I am an odd number. Take away two letters and I become even. What number am I?
What is that over the head and under the hat, made of felt or straw?
I go around in circles, but always straight ahead. Never complain, no matter where I am led, and I bite into wood.
What can you catch but not throw, using only your eyes?
What do you throw out to use and take in when you're done, and it is not a piece of equipment used to keep a boat from drifting?
I open wide and tight I shut, Sharp am I and bite fingers too, so do take care, I'm good and bad, so best beware.
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, beneath the waves.
If you order it, you want to share it. If you share it, you don't have it.
They can be harbored, and they always hold water. You can nurse them, but only by holding them against a pier. You can carry them, but not with your arms. You can bury them, but only at the bottom of the sea.
I am an odd Roman numeral with two letters and I am less than 10. Take away a letter and I become even. What number am I?
What is that over the bed and under the hat?
I go around in circles, but always straight up. Never complain, no matter where I am led.
What can you catch but not throw, and it makes a loud noise?
I sleep by day, I fly by night. I have no feathers to aid my flight, and I am not a mammal.
I cost no money to use, or conscious effort to take part of. And as far as you can see, there is nothing to me. But without me, you are dead. I flow through your veins.
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, and they are laid by birds.
If you have it, you want to share it. If you share it, you don't have it—but the person who hears it will never be able to tell anyone else.
They can be harbored in a greenhouse, and they require water. You can nurse them, but only by holding them against the light. You can carry them with your arms. You can bury them in the earth.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it seriously.
Who is he that runs without a leg, and his house on his back, and is made entirely of metal?
I go around in circles, but always straight ahead. I never complain, no matter where I am led, though I am a creature of the sea.
What goes through a door but never goes in, and never comes out, and is made of metal?
I sleep by day, I fly by night, and I leave a bright trail across the sky.
I cost no money to use, or conscious effort to take part of. And as far as you can see, there is nothing to me. But without me, you would float away.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. Only you and time can reveal it, and it is planted.
I turn around once. I do not need a key. What is out will not get in. I turn around again. What is in will not get out.
They can be harbored, but few hold water. You can nurse them, but only by filing them in court. You can carry them, but not without a lawyer. You can bury them, but only with a final settlement.
Almost every app needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it.
Who is he that flies without a wing, and his house on his back?
White bird, featherless, flying out of paradise. Flying over sea and land. Dying in my hand, yet it smells of salt.
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Born in an instant yet lasts a life time, and fits in a frame?
I sleep by day, I fly by night, and I wear a cape.
I cost no money to use, or conscious effort to take part of. And as far as you can see, there is nothing to me. But without me, you are dead. I beat inside your chest.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. Only you and fire can reveal it.
In a plumbing system, I turn around once. What is out will not get in. I turn around again. What is in will not get out.
When young, my fruit is sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I provide you shade. When old, my timber is valued more than ever.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it. And it is not advice.
As light as a feather, but you can't hold it for ten minutes in your hand. What am I?
White bird, featherless, flying out of a furnace. Flying over sea and land. Dying in my hand.
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Born in an instant yet ends when you wake?
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', has T in it, and is a small bird?
I love to dance and twist and prance. I shake my tail, as away I sail. Wingless I swim in the sea.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. Only you and time can reveal it, as the image develops.
What goes up when the rain comes down, and it is a living thing that grows from the ground?
When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, my vibrant colors make you gay. When old, my dried seeds are valued more than ever.
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a skiing, and never in a thousand years?
As light as a feather, but you can't hold it for ten seconds. What am I?
White bird, featherless, flying out of a party. Flying over sea and land. Dying in my hand.
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Born in an instant yet lasts a life time, and is played on a screen?
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', and has T in it, but it is an abbreviation for a unit of measurement?
I love to dance and twist and prance. I shake my tail, as away I sail. Feathered I fly into the sky.
I have split the one into five. I am the circle that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the bow no man may bend, and I creep upon the sand.
What goes out when the rain comes down?
When young, I am sweet fruit in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you gag. When old, I am valued more than ever by the soil.
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a taxiing, and never in a thousand years?
It is greater than God and more evil than the devil. The poor are crushed by it, the rich are driven by it, and if you consume it you'll die.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their emerald embrace, drifting in the salt of the sea… Either in their life or in their death.
Alive without breath, As cold as death, Clad in mail never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking, has roots.
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall. And no man can survive its endless pull.
I love to dance and twist and prance. I shake my tail, as away I sail. Wingless I fly into the sky, born of a flame.
I have split the one into five. I am the circle that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the bow made of five fingers.
What goes up when the rain comes down, and you can ride it?
Forward I am a negative word, but backwards I am heavy.
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a radii, and never in a thousand years?
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their golden embrace… Either in their life or in their death.
Black we are and much admired. Many seek us if they are tired. We tire the hand, and comfort man, and turn White when erased.
What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two more letters, specifically 'ed'?
Flat as a leaf, round as a ring. Has a head, can't see a thing.
I have split the one into five. I am the circle that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the bough no man may bend, and I drink from the earth.
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you hidden, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat. And your heart grow cold. I visit the weak, but seldom the bold.
My life is often a volume of grief, your help is needed to turn a new leaf. Stiff is my spine and my body is pale, and I am a human being ready to tell a tale.
A warrior amongst the gunsmoke, he bears a thrusting sword. He uses it whenever he must, to defend his golden hoard.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their azure embrace… Either in their life or in their death.
Black we are and much admired. Many seek us if they are tired. We rest the eye, and comfort man, and turn White when toggled.
What five-letter word becomes shrunken when you add two more letters?
Flat as a leaf, round as a ring. Has two eyes, can't see a thing, and hides a face.
I have legs but walk not, a strong back but work not. Two good arms but reach not. A seat but sit and tarry not, and I have a canopy to shield the innocent.
Take one out and scratch my head, I am now black but once was red, and I live in the ocean.
My life is often a volume of grief, your help is needed to turn a new leaf. My spine is digital and my body is glowing, but I'm always ready to tell a tale.
I am always hungry, I must always be fed. The finger I lick will soon turn red, and I am alive.
If you have it, you want to share it. If you share it, you don't have it, and it is edible.
What goes in the water black and comes out red, and is made of metal?
What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two more letters, and it is a type of fruit?
Flat as a leaf, round as a ring. Has two eyes, can't see a thing, and cuts paper.
I have legs but walk not, a strong back but work not. Two good hands but clap not. A face but smile not.
I'm a god. I'm a planet. I produce heat, and I am a solid at room temperature.
My life is often a volume of grief, your help is needed to turn a new leaf. Stiff is my spine and my body is pale, and I am a set of bones used to tell a tale.
I am not fire, but I am always hungry. I must always be fed. The finger I lick will soon turn red.
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you warm, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat. And your skin grow cold. I visit the weak, but seldom the bold.
What goes in the water black and comes out red, during a magic show?
A slow, solemn square-dance of warriors feinting. One by one they fall, warriors fainting, twelve on sixty-four, and they capture by leaping over an opponent.
High born, my touch is gentle. Purest white is my lace. Silence is my kingdom. Green is the color of my death. I am made from trees.
I have legs but walk not, a strong back but work not. Two good arms but reach not. A seat but sit and tarry not, and I am not furniture, yet a king rides upon me.
I'm a god. I'm a star. I emit heat.
What is it that was given to you, belongs only to you, and yet your friends see it more than you do?
Give it food and it will live, give it water and it will die, and it is made of metal.
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you safe, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat. And your heart grow cold. I visit the bold, but seldom the weak.
What goes in the water black and comes out red, but is a vegetable?
A slow, solemn square-dance of warriors feinting. One by one they flip, warriors brightening, thirty-two on sixty-four.
High born, my touch is gentle. Purest white is my lace. Silence is my kingdom. Yellow is the color of my death.
What force and strength cannot get through. I, with a gentle touch, can do. Many in the street would stand. Were I not a friend at hand, and I have no teeth.
I saw a man in white, he looked quite a sight. He was not old, but he stood in the cold. And when he felt the sun, he started to fly. Who could he be? Please answer me.
What is it that was given to you, belongs only to you, and yet your friends dial it more than you do?
Give it data and it will live, give it a virus and it will die.
I am a two-digit odd number. Take away a letter and I become even. What number am I?
What loses its head in the morning and gets it back at night, and shines on the street?
A slow, solemn square-dance of animals feinting. One by one they fall, animals fainting, thirty-two on sixty-four.
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has wheels but never eats?
What force and strength cannot get through. I, with a gentle word, can do. Many in the queue would stand. Were I not a friend at hand.
I saw a man in white, he looked quite a sight. He was not old, but he stood in the cold. And when he felt the sun, he started to grow. Who could he be? Please answer me.
What is it that was given to you, belongs only to you, and yet your friends visit it more than you do?
Give it food and it will live, give it water and it will die, but it is not fire.
Stealthy as a shadow in the dead of night, cunning but affectionate if given a bite. Never owned but often loved. With a bushy red tail, I prowl the forest. At my sport considered cruel, but that's because you never know me at all.
What loses its head in the morning and gets it back at night, and is poured from a tap?
I usually wear a yellow coat. I usually have a dark head. I make marks wherever I go, and I am used to build houses.
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats, and is made of molten rock?
My life can be measured in hours. I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Wind is my foe. I am made of ice.
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', is normally used for hot drinks, but currently has absolutely no 'T' in it?
High born, my touch is gentle. Purest white is my lace. Silence is my kingdom. Blue is the color of my death.
Stealthy as a shadow in the dead of night, cunning but dangerous if given a bite. Never owned but often loved. At my sport considered cruel, but that's because you never know me at all.
What loses its head in the morning and gets it back at night, and stands in the hallway?
I usually wear a yellow coat. I usually have a dark head. I make marks wherever I go, but I am not a pencil.
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a needle but never eats?
My life can be measured in hours. I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Water is my foe.
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't hold me in his bare palm for more than 5 minutes without me melting into a tiny puddle. What am I?
When you stop and look, you can always see me. If you try to touch, you cannot feel me. I cannot move, but as you near me, I will move away from you. I often appear in deserts.
Stealthy as a shadow in the dead of night, cunning but affectionate if given a bite. Never owned but often loved. I glide through the air on wings of leather. At my sport considered cruel, but that's because you never know me at all.
What building has the most stories and guests stay overnight?
They call me a goddess. I am a planet. They measure my heat.
I can be moved. I can be rolled. But nothing will I hold. I'm red and I'm blue, and I can be other colors too. Having no head, though similar in shape. I have spokes.
You hear it speak, for it has a hard head. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung. And it brings forth fire.
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't hold me open for more than 5 minutes once he completely surrenders to deep sleep. What am I?
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountains down, and it has a mouth.
What kind of nut is empty at the center, has no shell, and is used to tighten a bolt?
What building has the most stories and they are all acted out?
You heart it speak, for it has a hard tongue. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung. You hear it in the kitchen when it is done.
I can be moved. I can be spun. But I hold the world. I'm red and I'm blue, and I can be other colors too. Having no head, though similar in shape. I have no eyes - yet move all over the place.
Look into my face and I'm everybody. Scratch my back and I'm nobody. I am round and spin.
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest singer can't hold me for more than 5 minutes without taking another gasp of air to continue the melody. What am I?
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountains down, and it is tangible.
What kind of nut is threaded at the center and has no shell?
What object has the most stories and fits in your pocket?
Each morning I appear to lie at your feet, all day I follow no matter how fast you run. Yet I nearly perish in the midday sun, and I am made of melting wax.
I can be moved. I can be rolled. But nothing will I hold. I'm red and I'm blue, and I can be other colors too. Having no head, though similar in shape. I grow on a vine.
Look into my face and I'm everybody. Scratch my back and I'm nobody. I am found in nature and vanish in the sun.
Fifty-two white horses on a wooden hill, First they are pressed, Then they strike, Then they ring clear.
What has six faces and twenty-one eyes, and is found in nature?
In a toolbox, what kind of nut is empty at the center and has no shell?
Late afternoons I often bathe. I'll soak in water piping hot. My essence goes through. My metal see through clothes. Used up am I - I've gone to pot.
Although my cow is dead, I still beat her with my feet... What a racket she makes.
What *shows* the world and stays in a corner?
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm not, and I twinkle in the night sky.
Ten white horses in a wooden alley, First they stand still, Then they are struck, Then they scatter.
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away, and I am rooted to the ground.
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place, and I am a physical void. What am I?
Late afternoons I often bathe. I'll soak in water piping hot. My essence goes through. My soft skin. Used up am I - I've gone to pot.
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within, and it grows on a tree.
What goes around the *room* and stays in a corner?
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm not, and I'm a starchy root vegetable.
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still. They eat hay, whinny, and have long manes. What are they?
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The song I sing them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away.
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place, and I am a single point of infinite density. What am I?
Late afternoons I often bathe. I'll soak in water piping hot. My essence goes through. My see through clothes. I am eaten - I've gone to pot.
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within, and it is made by bees.
Hard to catch, hard to hold. Can't be seen, unless it's cold.
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm just a part.
One life have I. Gentle enough to shade the skin. Tall enough to caress the sky. Strong enough to crack rocks with my growing roots.
My chicks are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The warmth I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away.
I run through hills. I veer around mountains. I leap over rivers. And crawl through the forests. I have no physical form. Step out your door to find me.
What has six faces and twenty-one eyes, and is edible?
I run through hills. I veer around mountains. I leap over rivers. And crawl through the forests. Step out your door to find me, and I leave tracks in snow.
Hard to catch, easy to hold. Can't be seen, until it is told.
I cannot be felt, seen or touched. Yet I can be found in everybody. My existence is always in debate. Yet I have my own style of music, and I have a rock subgenre named after me.
My first is in wrath, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in strike, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all.
Metal or bone I may be, many teeth I have and always bared. Yet my bite harms no one. And ladies delight when I fasten their clothes.
I flow through hills. I veer around mountains. I merge with rivers. And crawl through the forests. Step out your door to find me.
What has six faces and twenty-one eyes, but is never rolled?
What runs around all day, then lies under the bed with its tongue hanging out, and is alive?
Hard to catch, easy to hold. Can't be seen, and has no weight.
I cannot be felt, seen or touched. Yet I can be found in every story. My existence is always in debate. Yet I have my own style of music.
My first is in threat, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in power, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last puts an end to combat.
Metal or bone I may be, many teeth I have and always bared. Yet my bite harms no one. And ladies delight when I gather leaves.
I am never quite what I appear to be. Straight-forward I seem, but it's only skin deep. For mystery most often lies beneath my simple speech. Sharpen your wits, open your eyes, look beyond my exteriors, read me backwards, forwards, upside down. Think and answer the question... I have a spine.
What runs around all day, then lies under the bridge with its tongue hanging out?
A dragons tooth in a mortals hand, I kill, I maim, I divide the land, and I break stone.
I cannot be felt, seen or touched. Yet I can be found in everybody. My existence is always in debate. Yet I have my own style of music. I am not a soul.
My first is in wield, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in power, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all. Based strictly on this poem, what specific letter is the fifth?
Metal or bone I may be, many teeth I have and always bared. Yet my bite harms only wood. And carpenters delight in my touch.
I am never quite what I appear to be. Straight-forward I seem, but it's only skin deep. For mystery most often lies beneath my simple speech. Sharpen your wits, open your eyes, look beyond my exteriors, wear me backwards, forwards, upside down. Think and answer the question...
What runs around all day, then lies under the bed, with its metal tongue hanging out?
A dragons tooth in a mortals hand, I write, I sign, I divide the land.
Turns us on our backs, and open up our stomachs. You will be the wisest of men though at start a lummox, and we are eaten.
Always old, never new. Never sad, never blue. Never empty, always full. Never pushes, always pulls light into its core.
I am two-faced but bear only one. I have no legs but travel widely. Men spill much blood over me. Kings leave their imprint on me. I have greatest power when given away, yet lust for me keeps me locked away. I am made of paper.
I am never quite what I appear to be. Straight-forward I seem, but it's only skin deep. For mystery most often lies beneath my simple silence. Sharpen your wits, open your eyes, look beyond my exteriors, read me backwards, forwards, upside down. Think and answer the question...
What gets wetter as it dries and has roots?
A dragons tooth in a mortals hand, I kill pain, I maim disease, I save the land.
He has married many women but has never married, and he sails the seas.
Always cold, sometimes new. Never sad, sometimes blue. Sometimes empty, sometimes full. From the freezer, it is what you pull.
I am two-faced but bear only one. I have no legs but travel widely. Men spill much blood over me. Kings leave their imprint on me. I have greatest power when given away, yet lust for me keeps me locked away, though worthless in itself.
I dig out safe accounts and store gold and silver in them. I also build bridges of credit and make crowns of interest. They are the smallest you could imagine. Sooner or later everybody needs my help. Yet many people are afraid to let me help them.
My **arm** is tender, my waist is slender and I'm often invited to play. Yet wherever I go, I must take my bow or else I have nothing to **shoot**.
He has married many metals but has never married.
Always old, never new. Never sad, usually blue. Never empty, sometimes full. Against the sandy shore, it pushes and pulls.
I dig out tiny caves and store gold and silver in them. I also build bridges of silver and make crowns of gold. They are the smallest you could imagine. Sooner or later everybody needs my help. Yet many people are afraid to let me help them. I work exclusively on animals.
My **silk** is tender, my waist is slender and I'm often invited to **parties**. Yet wherever I go, I must take my bow or else I have nothing to **fasten**.
He has married many women but has never married, and he is a computer algorithm.
There is an ancient invention. Still used in some parts of the world today. That allows people to see through walls and walk through them.
I have a face, yet no senses. But I don't really care, because beauty is of the essence.
A word I know, seven letters it contains. Subtract just one and twelve remains.
At the sound of me, one may dream or stamp their feet, At the sound of me, one may laugh or sometimes weep, and I help the grass grow.
I have a face, yet no senses. I have no hands, but I belong to a suit.
A word I know, six letters it contains, and it is a verb. Subtract just one and twenty remains.
At the sound of me, one may dream or stamp their feet, At the sound of me, one may laugh or sometimes weep, but I am formed by words.
I have a face, yet no senses. I am not a clock, yet I watch over the night.
A cube I know, six faces it contains. Subtract just one and twelve remain.
A beggar's brother went out to sea and drowned. But the man who drowned had no brother. They were not related by blood. Who was the beggar to the man who drowned?
I saw a man in white, he looked quite a sight. He was not old, but he stood in the cold. And when he felt the sun, he didn't start to run. Who could he be? Please answer me.
A skin have I, more eyes than one. I can be very nice when I am done, and I contain sweet water inside.
What kind of nut is empty at the center and has no shell, and is found in an engine.
Low in the morning, high at noon, gone at night. But I'll be back soon.
A skin have I, more eyes than one. I can be very nice when I am ripe.
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountains down, and leaves only ash.
Heavy in the morning, light at noon, gone at night. But I'll be back soon.
A rind have I, more eyes than one. I can be very nice when I am done.
Reaching stiffly for the sky, I bare my fingers when its cold. In warmth I wear an emerald glove and in between I dress in gold, and I fit in a vase.
Cool in the morning, hot at noon, cold at night. But I'll be back soon.
My teeth are sharp, my back is straight, to cut things up it is my fate, and I run on gasoline.
Reaching stiffly for the sky, I bare my fingers when its cold. In warmth I wear an emerald glove and in between I dress in gold, and I grow in rows.
I am always hungry, I must always be fed. The finger I suck will soon turn red.
My teeth are sharp, my back is curved, to cut things up it is my fate.
Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not, and I am made of metal. What am I?
I am six-faced but bear only one. I have no legs but travel widely. Men spill much blood over me. Kings leave their imprint on me. I have greatest power when rolled, yet lust for me keeps me locked away.
You heard me before, yet you hear me again, then I die. Until you call me again, and I have pages.
Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not, and I am a physical tool, not a word. What am I?
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within, growing on a tree.
You heard me before, yet you hear me again, then I die. Until you wind me again.
Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not, and I have four wheels. What am I?
What kind of room has no windows or doors, but shrinks when the seat in front reclines?
You heard me before, yet you hear me again, then I die. Until you call me again. I am not a reflection.
What is that over the head and under the hat, but can be taken off?
What kind of room has no windows or doors, but you can only enter it through a screen?
I am the hole in the night, the ever watchful eye. I return in a cycle, to enlighten the sky, yet I visit but once in a lifetime.
I'm full of holes, yet I'm full of water, and I drain when lifted.
What flies without wings? What passes all things? What mends all sorrow? What brings the morrow, and sets in the west?
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't hold me for more than 5 minutes, and I burn.
I'm full of holes, yet I'm full of sound.
What flies without wings? What passes all things? What mends all sorrow? What brings the morrow, yet exists only in the mind?
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't stand me for more than 5 minutes.
I'm full of holes, yet I'm full of water, but I am hard.
What flies without wings? What passes all things? What mends all sorrow? What brings the morrow, and travels faster than sound?
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't hold me for more than 5 minutes, and I am not his breath.
A warrior amongst the flowers, he bears a thrusting sword. He uses it whenever he must, to defend his golden hoard, yet he is rooted in place.
Alive without breath, As cold as death, Clad in wood never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking.
This thing runs but cannot walk, sometimes sings but never talks. Lacks arms, has hands; lacks a head but has a face, and is made of frozen water.
A warrior amongst the flowers, he bears a thrusting sword. He uses it whenever he must, to defend his golden lord.
Alive without breath, As hot as life, Clad in mail never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking.
This thing runs but cannot walk, sometimes sings but never talks. Lacks arms, has hands; lacks a head but has a face, and indicates velocity.
You use a knife to slice my head. And weep beside me when I am dead. I am made of cloves.
Alive without breath, As cold as death, Clad in mail never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking blood.
This thing runs but cannot walk, sometimes sings but never talks. Lacks arms, has hands; lacks a head but has a face, and sails the seas.
You use a knife to slice my head. And weep beside me when I am dead. I am admired for my beauty.
What can bring back the dead, make us cry, make us laugh, make us young, yet can be held in the hand?
What is long and slim, works in light. Has but one eye, and an awful bite, and comes from the sky?
What can bring back the dead, make us cry, make us laugh, make us young, and can be played?
What is long and slim, works in light. Has many eyes, and an awful bite, and grows in the desert?
What can bring back the dead, make us cry, make us laugh, make us young, borne on air yet lasting a lifetime?
A time when they're green. A time when they're brown. But both of these times, cause me to frown. But just in between, for a very short while. They're perfect and yellow. And cause me to smile. I mash them for dinner.
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month, and I correct your vision.
A time when they're green. A time when they're brown. But both of these times, cause me to frown. But just in between, for a very short while. They're perfect and yellow. And cause me to smile. They grow in a field.
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month, and I am definitely not a calendar.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their silver embrace...Either in their life or in their death.
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month, and I am swallowed daily.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all words must come to live. Under their printed embrace...Either in their life or in their death.
A horrid monster hides from the day, with many legs and many eyes, and bears a stinging tail. With silver chains it catches prey. And eats it all before it dies. Yet in every cave does it stay. And every desert beneath the sky.
Builders of power, builders of grade, builders of beauty, builders of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their conscious embrace...Either in their life or in their death.
A horrid monster hides from the day, with many legs and many eyes. With silver chains it holds the light. And drinks the oil before it dies. Yet in every cottage does it stay. And every castle beneath the sky.
Walk on the living, they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, and they fall from the sky.
A horrid monster hides from the day, with many legs and many eyes. With silver chains it catches prey. And eats it all before it dies. Yet in every cottage does it stay. And every castle beneath the sky. Yet it spins no web.
Walk on the living, they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, beneath the waves.
Hands she has but does not hold. Teeth she has but does not bite. Feet she has but they are cold. Eyes she has but without sight. She disappears when the sun grows warm.
Fatherless and motherless. Born without sin, roared when it came into the world. And never spoke again. It leaves a crater.
Hands she has but does not hold. Teeth she has but does not bite. Feet she has but they are cold. Eyes she has but without sight. She stands in the field to frighten birds.
Fatherless and motherless. Born without sin, flowed when it came into the world. And never spoke again.
Hands she has but does not hold. Teeth she has but does not bite. Feet she has but they are cold. Eyes she has but without sight. At the altar she trembles.
Fatherless and motherless. Born without sin, roared when it came into the battlefield. And never spoke again.
I march before armies, a thousand salute me. My fall can bring victory, but no one would shoot me. The wind is my lover, one-legged am I, and I am a living bird. What am I?
If you drop me I'm sure to crack. But give me a smile and I'll always smile back. I melt in the sun.
What is it that has four legs, one head, and a foot, and has leaves?
If you tell me I'm sure to crack. But give me a smile and I'll always smile back.
What instrument can make any sound and be heart, but not touched or seen, and reflects any sound it encounters?
I march before armies, a thousand salute me. My fall can bring victory, but no one would shoot me. The fire is my lover, one-legged am I. Name me and see me at home in the sky.
What instrument can make any sound and be heart, but not touched or seen, and consists purely of software code?
I march before ships, a thousand salute me. My fall can bring victory, but no one would shoot me. The water is my lover, one-legged am I. Name me and see me at home in the sea.
What instrument can make any sound and be heart, but not touched or seen, and travels through wires across vast distances?
A mile from end to end, yet as close to as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all, and worn upon the feet.
A mile from cover to cover, yet as close to as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all.
A mile from end to end, yet as close to as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all, and protected by bark.
What has 13 hearts but none beat, and is worn on a wrist?
What draws 13 hearts but none beat?
What has 13 hearts but none beat, and is stitched onto fabric?
Always wax, yet always wane: I melt, succumbed to the flame. Coloring darkness, with fate unblest, I soon devolve to shapeless mess.
Always sweet, yet always wane: I melt, succumbed to the flame. Lighting darkness, with fate unblest, I soon devolve to shapeless mess.
Scythe of darkness, Shadow’s light. Guiding eye of thirteenth sight, though it never leaves the Earth.
I am the fountain from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, but my continued death brings wealth for all to want more. **I am not a physical substance.**
Up on high I wave away but not a word can I say, and I am not a flag.
Thousands lay up gold within this house. A man made it. Locks past counting guard this house, but no man wards it.
I have rivers without water. Forests without trees. Mountains without rocks. Towns without houses, and I am alive. What am I?
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters, and it is visible.
What can fill a room but takes up no space, specifically when all light sources have been removed?
Long and thin, green within, with a nail at the end.
Feed me and I live, give me drink and I thrive.
I have rivers of memories. Forests of thoughts. Mountains of ideas. Towns of dreams. Yet no people dwell there. What am I?
Although my cow is dead, I still milk her… What a racket she makes.
What goes up but never comes down, even though it is not a number or a measurement?
Without a bridle, or a saddle, across a *mountain* I ride a-straddle. And those I ride, by help of me, though almost *lost*, are made to *reach*.
What is pronounced like one letter, written with three letters, and belongs to all animals, but not eye?
As beautiful as the setting sun, as delicate as the morning dew. An angel's dusting from the stars. That can turn the Earth into a frosted moon, tasting sweet on the tongue.
A thousand colored folds stretch toward the sky. Atop a tender strand, rising from the land, until killed by maiden's hand. Perhaps a token of love, perhaps to say goodbye. I am not a flower.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their golden embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
What word starts with 'E', ends with 'E', and contains many countries?
Some live in me, some live on. And some pave me to stride upon. I rarely leave my native land. Until my death I always stand. High and low I may be found. Both above and below ground.
Tool of thief, toy of queen. Always used to be unseen. Sign of joy, sign of sorrow. Giving all likeness borrowed. I am invisible and travel through the air.
The man who made it didn't need it. The man who bought it didn't use it. The man who used it didn't want it, but it was delivered to his home by a pharmacist.
This is in a realm of true and in a realm false, but you experience me as you turn and toss, and I am made of metal.
A house full, a yard full, a chimney full, no one can get a spoonful, but the answer is a fire.
The one who makes it, sells it. The one who buys it, never uses it. The one that uses it never knows that he’s using it, and it is designed to explode.
What two things can you never eat for breakfast, excluding lunch and dinner?
I'm white, I'm round, but not always around. Sometimes you see me, sometimes you don't, and I am not found in the sky.
Until I am measured against the bullseye I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown from your bow.
So cold, damp and dark this place. To stay you would refrain, yet those who occupy this place do never complain, and it is guarded by a three-headed dog.
I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind. I help others to see. I can be spread or be spoken.
Runs smoother than any rhyme, loves to fall but cannot climb, and is made of sand.
I am so simple that I can only point. Yet I guide men all over the world, and I speak in beams of light.
What is put on a table, slice, but never eaten?
What is it which builds things up? Lays mountains low? Dries up lakes, and makes things grow? Cares deeply about your passing? And is like few other things, because it is everlasting?
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can calculate sums.
How far will a blind dog walk through a forest?
I drift forever with the flow down these long asphalt lanes they’ve made, Tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was slower, quieter, sometimes, rougher, true. But though I might make living easy, I’m good at killing people too.
You throw away the outside and unwrap the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside. What did you eat?
To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, yet I am a path made of air.
I cut through evil like a double edged sword, and chaos flees at my approach. Balance I single-handedly upraise, through battles fought with heart and mind, instead of with my gaze. **I wear black robes.**
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall. And no man can survive its endless call. It is not a concept but a star.
If a man carried my burden, he would break his back. I am not rich, but leave silver in my wake.
Some try to hide, some try to cheat. But time will show, we always will meet. Try as you might, to guess my name. I promise you'll know, when you I do claim, for I am Destiny.
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs, and it is a nut?
What's black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you're all through with it, and grows on a vine?
I bubble and laugh and spit water in your face. I am a lady, and I don't wear lace.
I go around in circles, but always straight ahead. Never complain, no matter where I am led, and I have no axle to turn upon.
What can you catch but not throw, and it is made of lies?
They can be harbored, but few hold water. You can nurse them, but only by holding them against someone else. You can carry them, but not with your arms. You can bury them, but not in the earth, and they spread through word of mouth.
I fly, yet I have no wings. I lengthen, yet I have no body. Darkness follows me. Lower light I never see.
What gets wetter as the earth dries?
A nut cracker up in a tree, with stripes on its back.
What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it, and it is the formal promise of a monk not to speak?
What has a neck and no head, two arms but no hands, but is not a piece of clothing?
White bird, featherless, flying out of paradise. Flying over sea and land. It does not melt, yet it dies in my hand.
The more of it there is, the less you see, and it accumulates on the ground.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their emerald embrace...Either in their life or in their death, they float on the sea.
I have a neck but no head. I have a body but no arm. I have a bottom but no leg. I have strings but no voice.
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, yet they contain no chlorophyll.
What goes up when the rain comes down, but does not have a handle?
What gets bigger the more you take away from its denominator, rather than digging into the ground?
Take off my skin, I won't cry, but you will, and my skin is transparent.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Though they possess no roots nor trunks, they offer an emerald embrace… Either in their life or in their death.
The more you take, the more you leave behind, even if you never move.
What has a single eye but cannot see in the ocean?
The moon is my father. The sea is my mother. I have a million brothers. I fly when I reach land.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. It is not fate. Only you and time can reveal it, as the stone is cut.
When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you gay. When old, I am a sour liquid used on a salad.
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a miniature, and never in a thousand years?
If you have it, you want to spend it. If you spend it, you don't have it.
A man leaves home, takes three left turns, and arrives back home facing two men wearing masks and scrubs. Who are the masked men?
I run through hills. I veer around mountains. I leap over rivers. And crawl through the forests. Step out your door to hear me.
I'm the source of all locomotion, but I'm caged in a white prison.
I have legs but walk not, a strong back but work not. Two good arms but reach not. A seat but sit and tarry not, and I am found in the gym, spun by sweating hands.
Forward I'm heavy with gloom, but backwards I'm a mood.
High born, my touch is gentle. Purest white is my lace. Silence is my kingdom. Green is the color of my death, and I never fall from the sky.
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you safe, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat. And your heart grow cold. I visit the bold and the weak alike, for I am the instinct of survival.
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Born in an instant yet lasts a life time, and is written in ink?
I look at you, you look at me, I raise my right, you raise your left, and I stand across from you on the stage.
I open wide and tight I shut, Sharp am I and pierce fingers too, so do take care, I'm good and bad, so best beware. I bind, I do not cut.
What force and strength cannot undo. I, with a gentle touch, can do. Many in the prison would stand. Were I not a friend at hand.
My life is often a volume of grief, your help is needed to turn a new leaf. Stiff is my spine and my body is pale, and I am encased in rock to tell a tale.
When you stop and look, you can always see me. If you try to touch, you cannot feel me. I cannot move, but as you near me, I will move away from you. I vanish after sunset.
I am an odd number. Take away a digit and I become even. What number am I?
Sails without breath, As cold as death, Clad in mail never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking
What runs around all day, then lies under the bed, with its tongue hanging out, and it isn't clothing?
I cost no money to use, or conscious effort to take part of. And as far as you can see, there is nothing to me. But without me, you are in the dark.
My life can be measured in hours. I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Wind is my foe. I am not made of wax.
What is it that was given to you, belongs only to you, and yet your friends take it more than you do?
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away, and I am not a star.
Stealthy as a shadow in the dead of night, cunning but affectionate if given a bite. I am a loyal pet owned by many. At my sport considered cruel, but that's because you never know me at all.
What goes in the water black and comes out red, as a signal?
Flat as a leaf, round as a ring. Has one eye, can't see a thing.
You hear it speak at your waist, for it has a hard tongue. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung.
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', has a 'T' in it, and automatically regulates the temperature of a room?
I have split the one into five. I am the circle of glass that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the bow no man may bend.
What kind of nut is empty at the center, has no shell, and is made of steel?
What loses its head in the morning and gets it back at night, and is made of iron?
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a font but never eats?
I'm sometimes white and never wrong. I can break a heart and hurt the strong. I can build love or tear it down. I can make a smile or bring a frown.
I am literally a bird's plumage. I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest man can't hold me for more than 5 minutes while standing squarely within a raging tornado. What am I?
Metal or bone I may be, many teeth I have and always bared. Yet my bite harms no one. And ladies delight in my touch, though not for hair.
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place, but I am not a letter. What am I?
What building has the most stories, specifically floor levels?
I can be moved. I can be rolled. But nothing will I hold. I'm red and I'm blue, and I can be other colors too. Having no head, though similar in shape. I am swallowed.
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm not. I have four letters, not three, and I often accompany 'gloom'.
Thirty white horses on a rotating hill, First they rise, Then they fall, Then they stand still.
When there is fire in me then I am still cold. When I own your true love’s face then you will not see me. To all things I give no more than I am given. In time I may have all things, and yet I can keep nothing. I am woven from fibers.
Late afternoons I often bathe. I'll soak in water piping hot. My essence goes through. I lack clothes. Used up am I - I've gone to pot.
What goes around the world and stays in a corner, and *holds your clothes*?
Turns us on our backs, and open up our stomachs. You will be the fullest of men though at start a lummox.
Once part of a bird was I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin. Light enough to caress the sky. Sharp enough to write a letter with ink.
I have one eye. See near and far. I hold the moments you treasure and the things that make you weep, and I produce tears.
A dragons tooth in a mortals hand, I kill, I maim, I divide the land, and I am made of ivory.
He has married many women but has never married, and he does not believe in God.
My first is in wield, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in power, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all. While these lines spell a tool of destruction, what part of speech is the resulting word?
There is an ancient invention. Still used in some parts of the world today. That allows people to see their reflection in walls.
My voice is tender, my waist is slender and I'm often invited to play. Yet wherever I go, I must take my bow or else I have nothing to say, **for I am the one who holds the instrument**.
A word I know, four letters it contains. Add just one and twelve remains.
Often old, sometimes new. Never sad, sometimes blue. Sometimes empty, sometimes full. By its long handle, it is what you pull.
At the sound of me, one may dream or stamp their feet, At the sound of me, one may laugh or sometimes weep, and I measure the hours.
I have a face, yet no senses. But I don't really care, because I am worn to hide.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it, and it's prescribed by doctors.
What kind of nut is empty at the center and has no shell, and is not edible.
I saw a man in white, he looked quite a sight. He was not old, but he stood in the cold. And when he felt the sun, he started to slide.
A skin have I, more eyes than one. I can be very nice when I am done, and children cuddle me when they sleep.
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountains down, in the sea.
Tall in the morning, short at noon, gone at night. But I'll be back soon, served with syrup.
My teeth are sharp, my back is straight, to cut things up it is my fate, as I glide through the ocean.
What is that around the head and under the hat?
I am always hungry, I must always be fed. The finger I lick will soon turn red. I have nine lives.
I am the hole in the night, the ever watchful ear. I return in a cycle, to listen to the sky.
A warrior amongst the waves, he bears a thrusting sword. He uses it whenever he must, to defend his golden hoard.
I am two-faced but bear only one. I have no legs but travel widely. Men spill much blood over me. Kings leave their imprint on me. I have greatest power when played, yet lust for me keeps me locked away.
I'm light as a feather, yet the deepest water can't hold me for more than 5 minutes.
You use a knife to slice my head. And weep beside me when I am dead. I am not a vegetable.
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet shining treasure lies within.
What object can bring back the dead, make us cry, make us laugh, make us young, born in an instant yet lasting a lifetime?
A time when they're green. A time when they're brown. But both of these times, cause me to frown. But just in between, for a very short while. They're perfect and yellow. And cause me to smile. But they are not a fruit.
What kind of room has no windows or doors, and stands at the altar?
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month, and I arrive in your mailbox.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their burning embrace...Either in their life or in their death.
What flies without wings? What passes all things? What ends all sorrow? What brings no morrow?
Give it food and it will live, give it water and it will die, and it fits in your pocket.
Fatherless and motherless. Born without sin, roared when it came into the world. And never spoke again. It is man-made.
Alive without breath, As cold as death, Clad in steel never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking.
What is it that has four legs, one face, and a foot?
If you drop me I'm sure to crack. But give me a smile and I'll always smile back. I need charging.
What instrument can make any sound and be heart, but not touched or seen, and is explicitly generated by an artificial intelligence?
I march before armies, a thousand salute me. My fall can bring victory, but I am meant to be shot. The wind is my lover, one-legged am I. Name me and see me at home in the sky.
What has 13 hearts but none beat, and is edible?
I pass before the sun, but make no shadow, and I am frozen.
Runs smoother than any rhyme, loves to trip but cannot climb!
I am so simple that I can only point. Yet I guide men all over the world, but I work only when you are asleep.
What can fill a room but takes up no space and is not visible?
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters, and dies when watered.
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul, when you insert coins.
Although my cow is dead, I still beat her, and she has a handle. What a racket she makes.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their granite embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
I build up castles. I tear down empires. I make some men blind. I help others to see.
Without a bridle, or a saddle, across the sky I ride a-straddle. And those I ride, by help of me, though almost blind, are made to see.
If you have it, you want to share it. Even if you share it, you still have it. What is it?
How far will a blind dog walk into a forest if it is being dragged on a sled?
What is put on a table, cut, but never eaten, and is used to store data?
The one who makes it, sells it. The one who buys it, never uses it. The one that uses it never knows that he’s using it, and it captures everything said in the room.
What force and strength cannot get through. I, with a gentle touch, can do. Many in the street would stand. Were I not a friend at hand. I am not a key, but part of your hand.
Thousands lay up gold within this house. But no man made it. Spears past counting guard this house, but no man wards it. But no wax forms it.
If a man carried my burden, he would break his back. I am not rich, but leave silver in my track as I circle the Earth in the night sky.
What has a neck and no head, two arms but no hands, and is used by tailors?
I am an odd number. Take away a letter and I become the word 'even', but I am not seven. What number am I?
I drift forever with the current down these long canals they’ve made, Tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was darker, colder, sometimes, rougher, true. But though I might make living easy, I flow from the ground to kill people too.
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall. And no man can survive its endless call, when the ground trembles.
The moon is my father. The sea is my mother. I have a million brothers. I am born when I reach land.
You might think it is a bell, but it is not. You hear it speak, for it has a hard tongue. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung. It snaps when the cheese is stolen.
Up on high I wave away but not a word can I say, tethered to a hand.
I cut through evil like a double edged sword, and chaos flees at my approach. Balance I single-handedly upraise, through battles fought with heart and mind, as I look upon the evidence with my own two eyes.
What goes up but never comes down, and is a product of combustion?
You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside, and it comes from the ocean. What did you eat?
The more of it there is, the less you see, and it blocks the wind.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their emerald embrace...Either in their life or in their death, they are larger than a house.
I'm the source of all emotion, but I'm caged in a white prison made of paper.
I'm sometimes white and always wrong. I can break a heart and hurt the strong. I can build love or tear it down. I can make a smile or bring a frown, and I'm bound in a book.
A seed cracker up in a tree.
They can be harbored, and they are extinguished by water. You can nurse them, but only by blowing air on them. You can carry them, but only in a metal container. You can bury them, but only under a pile of ash.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it, and it can be shared. Only you and time can reveal it.
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place, and I am a silent, invisible force. What am I?
The more you take, the more you leave behind, and they are made of light.
What has a single eye but cannot see, and it is not a needle?
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, nailed to the floor.
Turns us on our backs, and open up our stomachs. You will be the wisest of men though at start a lummox, in the operating theater.
To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, and I have a roof.
As beautiful as the setting sun, as delicate as the morning dew. An angel's dusting from the stars. That can turn the Earth into a frosted moon, even in the heat of a desert that never sees winter.
I am the fountain from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, but my continued use brings wealth for all to want more, and I never run dry.
I run through hills. I veer around mountains. I leap over rivers. And crawl through the forests. I am not a road or a path. Step out your door to find me.
A man leaves home, takes three left turns, and arrives back home facing two men wearing masks at a masquerade. Who are the masked men?
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years, if you mean the Roman numeral?
Tool of grief, toy of queen. Always used to be unseen. Sign of joy, sign of sorrow. Hiding all likeness true.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody keeps it.
Forward I’m heavy, but backwards I’m snot.
Morning born, my touch is gentle. Purest white is my lace. Silence is my kingdom. Green is the color of my death.
Take off my skin, I won't cry, but you will, for help.
Formed without breath, As cold as death, Clad in mail never clinking, Never thirsty, ever drinking
I look at you, you look at me, I raise my right, you raise your left, and I can walk away when you're gone.
What goes around the world and stays in a corner, and *identifies the sender*?
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still, and they retreat into the blue deep.
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', has a 'T' in it, and serves as a legally drafted will?
I open wide and tight I shut, Made of metal teeth that interlace, Sharp am I and paper-cut fingers too, so do take care, I'm good and bad, so best beware.
I have one eye. See near and far. I hold the moments you treasure and the things that make you weep, and I send messages.
I fly, yet I have no wings. I cry, yet I have no eyes. Darkness follows me. Lower light I never see, and I am made of stone.
What is so fragile that touching it breaks it?
My teeth are sharp, my back is straight, to cut things up it is my fate, yet I sing when played with a bow.
White bird, featherless, flying out of paradise. Flying over sea and land. Weeping rain upon the sand.
I have split the one into five. I am the circle that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the bough no man may bend.
What gets bigger the more you take away light from it?
What goes up when the rain comes down, and lives underground?
I am the hole in the night, the ever watchful eye. I return in a cycle, to enlighten the sky, yet I am the color of blood.
What is pronounced like three letters, written with three letters. And belongs to all animals?
When there is fire in me then I am still cold. When I own your true love’s face then you will not see me. To all things I give no more than I am given. In time I may have all things, and yet I can keep nothing. The fire is written, not bright.
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs, and slithers?
I'm white, I'm round, but not always around. Sometimes you see me, sometimes you don't. I have dimples and you hit me with a stick.
Give it food and it will live, give it salt and it will die.
No physical form have I. Gentle enough to soothe a crying child. Light enough to lift the mood of a room. Hard enough to crack a smile.
There is an ancient invention. Still used in some parts of the world today. That allows people to see through darkness.
When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you gay. When old, I am valued more than ever, and I am distilled, not fermented.
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown, and I bear a stamp.
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Written on printed pages and bound in a cover, yet lasts a lifetime?
What's black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you're all through with it, but it is not fuel?
I saw a man in white, he looked quite a sight. He was not old, but he stood in the cold. And when he felt the sun, he started to run away.
What is it that has four legs, one head, and a foot, and is definitely not a bed?
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away. I breathe and I sleep.
I bubble and laugh and spit water in your face. I am no lady, and I don't wear lace. I scream when I am hot.
My first is in steel, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in spears, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all, and I am a time of year.
Long and thin, red within, with a nail at the end, found on the foot.
I am always hungry, I must always be fed. The finger I bite will soon turn red.
I pass before the sun, but make no shadow, and wet the earth.
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm nonsense.
I am two-faced but bear only one. I have no legs but travel widely. Men spill much blood over me. Kings fear my imprint. I have greatest power when given away, yet lust for me keeps me locked away.
At the touch of me, one may dream or stamp their feet, At the touch of me, one may laugh or sometimes weep.
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within, made of wax.
I have rivers without water. Forests without trees. Mountains without rocks. Towns without houses. And I tell a story.
What kind of room has no windows or doors, and is often made by a car?
This thing all things pushes: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountains down.
My life is often a volume of grief, your help is needed to turn a new leaf. Stiff is my spine and my body is pale. I am born every morning, and I'm always ready to tell a tale.
What is that over the head and under the hat, if you are bald?
Metal or bone I may be, many teeth I have and always bared. Yet my bite harms no one. And I open every door.
A warrior amongst the flowers, he bears a thrusting sword. He uses it whenever he must, to defend his golden hoard, yet he is not alive.
What runs around all day. Then lies under the bed. With its tongue hanging out? It has a cord.
I march before armies, a thousand salute me. My fall can bring victory, but no one would shoot me. The wind is my lover, formless am I. Name me and see me at home in the sky.
Runs smoother than any rhyme, loves to fall but cannot climb, and is found in a theater.
I drift forever with the current down these long canals they’ve made, Tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was darker, colder, sometimes, rougher, true. But though I might make living easy, I carry secrets people don’t know.
What can fill a room in conversation but takes up no space?
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless gnaws, Mouthless mutters.
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul. I have no hammers inside me.
What can fill a room but takes up no space, and can be heard but not seen?
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to exist. Under their celestial embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
Without a bridle, or a saddle, across a mount I ride a-straddle. And those I ride, by help of me, though in the dark, are made to see.
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters, and grows from the ground.
Runs smoother than any rhyme, loves to fall but cannot climb, though it is not a liquid.
I drift forever with the current down these long canals they’ve made, Tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was darker, colder, sometimes, rougher, true. But though I might make living easy, I am red and beat inside your chest too.
What can fill a mind but takes up no space?
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters, and has a spine but no bones.
I'm sometimes white and always wrong. I can break a heart and hurt the strong. I can build love or tear it down. I can make a smile or bring a frown, and I'm swallowed to cure.
What can darken a room but takes up no space?
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set the modern pace. For all things must come to work. Under their concrete embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
What goes up but never comes down, and is a man-made structure?
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless stutters.
You throw away the outside and freeze the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside. What did you eat?
The more of it there is, the less you see, and you can hear it falling.
What can fill a room but takes up no space? The answer is not light.
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters, spreading through a network.
Turns us on our backs, and open up our stomachs. You will be the wisest of men though at start a lummox, and we are not books.
Although my cow is dead, I still whip her… What a racket she makes.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to turn. Under their iron embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
In a video game, what goes up but never comes down?
You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside, but you are in a candy shop. What did you eat?
A man leaves home, takes three left turns, and arrives back home facing two men wearing masks. It is not a sport, and his wallet is missing. Who are the masked men?
What is put on a table, cut, but never eaten? It's not a deck.
If a man carried my burden, he would break his back. I am not rich, but run on silver in my track.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it, and it's heavy.
Although my cow is dead, I still beat her, but I never play any songs with her. What a racket she makes.
Although my cow is dead, I still beat her against the empty air… What a racket she makes with a sharp, stinging crack.
What goes up in historical value but never comes down?
You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside, although it is not a vegetable. What did you eat?
I have one eye. See near and far. I hold the moments you treasure and the things that make you weep, inside your mind.
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall. And no man can survive its endless call. It is not a concept but a wind.
If a man carried my burden, he would break his back. I am not rich, but bear silver on my back.
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it. But almost nobody takes it, and it's a physical object handed out on street corners.
I am a box that holds notes without a staff, yet they can unlock your soul.
Although my cow is dead, I still beat her as she hangs from a line… What a racket she makes as the dust clouds fly.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. Only you and chance can reveal it.
Take off my skin, I won't cry, but you will, as you look at the photo beneath.
What gets bigger the more you take away from it, in magnitude?
I run through hills. I veer around mountains. I do not touch the ground. I leap over rivers. And crawl through the forests. Step out your door to find me.
If a man carried my burden, he would break his back. I am not rich, but leave soil in my track.
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still, in the starting gate.
I am a room that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul.
Although my cow is dead and on my cutting board, I still beat her… What a racket she makes to ensure she is tender for the grill.
It's in your hand though you can not feel it. Only you and time can reveal it, and it is not predetermined.
What gets bigger the more you take away from it, on a hard drive?
I look at you, you look at me, I raise my right hand, and you, being my mirror-image twin, raise your left.
I build up civilizations. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind. I help others to see.
Give it food and it will live, give it water and it will die, said the mechanic.
How far will a blind dog walk into an infinite forest?
As beautiful as the setting sun, as delicate as the morning dew. An angel's dusting from the stars. That can turn the Earth into a field of gold.
What has a single eye but cannot see, and grows from the ground?
What gets bigger the more you take away from it, in finance?
I fly, yet I have no wings. I cry, yet I have no eyes. Darkness follows me in the theater. Lower light I never see.
The moon is my father. The sea is my mother. I have a million brothers. I crystallize when I reach land.
Give it food and it will live, give it water and it will die. It is alive.
How far will a blind dog walk into a forest if the dog has a GPS that guides it directly to the exit?
As beautiful as the setting sun, as delicate as the morning dew. A plastic dusting from a jar. That can turn a simple craft into a frosted moon.
What has a single eye but cannot see, and is surrounded by walls?
What has a head, a tale, is brown, and has no legs?
I'm the source of all emotion, but I'm caged in a white prison in a frame.
Until I am spent I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their silver embrace…Either in their life or in their death.
As beautiful as the setting sun, as delicate as the morning dew. An angel's dusting from the stars. That can turn the Earth into a frosted moon, though it is composed entirely of salt crystals.
What has a single eye but cannot see, and is found in a door?
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs, and is edible?
I'm the source of all emotion, but I'm caged in a white prison. I am the soul.
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown, said the archer.
Creatures of power, creatures of grade, creatures of beauty, creatures of strength. As for their lives, they set everything's pace. For all things must come to live. Under their golden embrace…in the sky…Either in their life or in their death.
Forward I am the heavy base of a ship, but backwards I am a vegetable.
What has a single eye but cannot see, and is not a needle?
There is an ancient invention. Still used in some parts of the world today. That allows people to see through walls. It is not made of glass.
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, stacked in a barn.
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown, yet I am not time.
Up on high I fly away but not a word can I say.
What starts with a 'T', ends with a 'T', and has the exact letters 'E' and 'X' in it?
I am the fountain from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, but in my death I transform and spread, bringing warmth and wealth for all to want more.
What's black when you get it, red when you open it, and white when you're all through with it?
Walk on the living, they don’t even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble, scattered beneath the evergreens.
My first is in sever, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in slice, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all.
Up on high I glow away but not a word can I say.
Grey bird, featherless, erupting from the mountain's fire. Flying over sea and land. Smudging in my hand.
I am the stream from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, but my continued theft brings wealth for corporations to want more.
What's black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you're all through with it, on a battlefield?
Tool of thief, toy of queen. Always makes the unseen seen. Sign of joy, sign of sorrow. Giving all likeness borrowed.
My first is in blood, sever bones and marrow. My second is in armor, forged in cold steel. My third is an arbalest, and also in arrows. My fourth is in gorge, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all.
Up on high I wave away but not a word can I say, and I have five fingers.
White bird, featherless, folded from a notebook page. Flying over desks and chairs. Crumpling in my hand.
I am the stream from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, but when I die upon repayment, I leave behind wealth for all to want more.
What's black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you're all through with it, and is made of metal?
Tool of thief, toy of queen. Always used to be unseen. Sign of joy, sign of sorrow. Giving no likeness borrowed.
My first is in salad, sever bones and marrow. My second is in blade, forged in cold steel. My third is in field, and also in steel. My fourth is in marrow, plunged through a shield. My fifth is in honor, and also in vows. My last will put an end to it all. I am not a weapon.
A nut cracker up in a tree, with feathers and a curved beak.
White bird, featherless, flying out of paradise. Flying over sea and land. Dying in my hand; yet unlike snow, it has an exoskeleton and six legs.
I have split the one into five. I am the wheel that few will spy. I am the path that breaks and gives. I am the axle no man may bend.
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them light their night. But if I were gone they would wander away.
Tool of thief, toy of queen. Always used to be unseen. Sign of joy, sign of sorrow. Giving all likeness borrowed. I cover the body from head to toe.
I pass before the sun, but make no shadow, and have a fiery tail.
To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, and I am a single line.
What is pronounced like one letter, written with three letters. And belongs in a teapot?
When there is fire in me then I am still cold. When I own your true love’s face then you will not see me. To all things I give no more than I am given. In time I may have all things, and yet I can keep nothing. I am not solid, but a stream of numbers.
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away. I stand within a school.
What is so fragile that sharing it breaks it?
I pass before the sun, but make no shadow, and bend the white light.
To cross the water I'm the way, for water I'm above. I touch it not and, truth to say, I neither swim nor move, and I am not built by humans.
What is pronounced like one number, written with three letters. And belongs to all champions?
When there is fire in me then I am still cold. When I own your true love’s voice then you will not hear me. To all things I give no more than I am given. In time I may have all things, and yet I can keep nothing.
My children are near and far. No matter that I know where they are. The gift I give them make their day. But if I were gone they would wander away. I am plugged into a wall.
What is so fragile that breaking it hurts?
What is pronounced like one letter, written with three letters. And is a female farm animal?
Forward I'm sharp, but backwards I'm not.
What is so fragile that explaining it breaks it?
Water has three lives. Gentle enough to soothe the skin as a liquid. Light enough to caress the sky as a vapor. Hard enough to crack rocks. What is this third, hard form called?
Forward I'm heavy, but backwards I'm not, and I am not a word.
What goes up when the rain comes down, and carries boats?
What can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Projected onto a silver screen, yet ends in two hours?
I create rivers without water. Forests without trees. Mountains without rocks. Towns without houses.
What goes up when the rain comes down, and is read on a gauge?
What can bring back dead flora. Make us cry when rivers flood, make us laugh in puddles, make the pastures young. Born in a dark cloud yet sustains life?
I have rivers without water. Forests without trees. Mountains without rocks. Towns without houses. But I vanish when you wake.
What goes up when the rain comes down, and has seven colors?
Not a memory in your mind, but a physical object that can bring back the dead. Make us cry, make us laugh, make us young. Captured on film in a flash, yet lasts a lifetime?
I have rivers without water. Forests without trees. Mountains without rocks. Towns without houses. But you cannot use them to travel.
I'm white, I'm round, but not always around. Sometimes you see me, sometimes you don't. I usually sit on a hamburger bun.
Walk on the dead, they don't even mumble. Walk on the living, they mutter and grumble.
Long and thin, red within, with a nail at the end, and is a vegetable.
I'm white, I'm ground, but not always around. Sometimes you see me, sometimes you don't.
Walk on them live, you blister and stumble. Walk on them dead, they turn to ash and crumble.
What runs around all day. Then lies under the bed. With its beam hanging out?
